repliaction depth user education improvements v3.10 (#281)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/concepts/users.md

### Offline Users

> Offline roles are for users who need to be able to access data on the go in the field, don’t need to maintain the system, and don’t have a reliable internet connection. All the data they have access to will be synced to their device. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offline roles are for users who need to be able to access data on-the-go in the field and don’t have a reliable internet connection. All the data they have access to will be synced to their device. System administrators cannot be offline users as they won't have access to the app management tools offline.
```

> {{% alert title="Note" %}} Advanced configuration options are available for a specific off-line user role to manage what [level of data]({{< ref "apps/guides/performance/replication" >}}) is synced to their device. {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" %}} Advanced configuration options are available for a specific offline user role to manage what [level of data]({{< ref "apps/guides/performance/replication" >}}) is synced to their device. {{% /alert %}}
```
